What do you want?
I guess we don't belong in this world.
It was our presence that changed everything
Now I want to eliminate our existence.
You lunatic
We've already died once
Do you want to die again?
I heard about this guy.
You can't wake up when you're dreaming.
Just jump from a height
Dreaming will naturally wake up
I don't want to go crazy with you
I don't want I don't want
Ah!
Tell me the ending of this story
At the end of this story, I must die
As long as I die
Everything will be fine and back to normal.
What about me? I'm innocent.
I don't want you to be innocent.
You almost killed the mother who took the scenery
He's still dodging.
The result is that your life is uncertain
You are an innocent dog
I'm going to accept it all
If you want to die, die